= Rails Invese Associations v Nested Attributes Weirdness

When specifying nested_attributes_for on two associated models with 1 to many rel, with inverse associations set, Rails will raise a SystemStackError when trying persist an instance of the model on the one side of the relationship when it has 2 or more instances of the many model.

== Example.

Executing the following code results in the error:

user = User.new
address1 = Address.new
address2 = Address.new

user.addresses << address1
user.addresses << address2
user.save

Where:

User is the model on the one side of the one to many rel.
Address is on the many side of the rel

== Exception

  begin transaction
  SQL (4.6ms)  INSERT INTO "users" ("created_at", "name", "updated_at") VALUES (?, ?, ?)  [["created_at", Thu, 29 Nov 2012 19:48:45 UTC +00:00], ["name", nil], ["updated_at", Thu, 29 Nov 2012 19:48:45 UTC+00:00]]  DEPRECATION WARNING: You're trying to create an attribute `user_id'. Writing arbitrary attributes on a model is deprecated. Please just use `attr_writer` etc. (called from irb_binding at (irb):7)  .5ms)  UPDATE "users" SET "created_at" = '2012-11-29 19:48:45.960908', "updated_at" ='2012-11-29 19:48:45.960908' WHERE "users"."id" = 980190963  SQL (0.2ms)  INSERT INTO "addresses" ("created_at",treet", "updated_at") VALUES (?, ?, ?)  [["created_at", Thu, 29 Nov 2012 19:48:45 UTC +00:00], ["street", nil], ["updated_at", Thu, 29 Nov 2012 19:48:45 UTC +00:00]]DEPRECATION WARNING:You're trying to create an attribute `user_id'. Writing arbitrary attributes on a model is deprecated. Please just use `attr_writer` etc. (called from irb_binding at (irb):7)   (0.1ms)  rollbacktransaction
  SystemStackError: stack level too deep from /home/martyn/.rvm/rubies/ruby-1.9.3-p194/lib/ruby/1.9.1/irb/workspace.rb:80 Maybe IRB bug!

== To reproduce

* Start console and copy and paste the code above.
* Run Tests

=== To Run Tests

  rake db:create:all
  rake db:migrate
  rake test



